# Introduction

## Business vision

StayHealthy, Inc. is a large and highly successful medical software company located in San Francisco, California, US. They currently have 2 popular cloud-based SAAS products: MonitorThem and MyMedicalData. MonitorThem a comprehensive data analytics platform that is used for hospital trend and performance analytics—alert response times, patient health problem analytics, patient recovery analysis, and so on. MyMedicalData is a comprehensive cloud-based patient medical records system used by doctors, nurses, and other heath professionals to record and track a patients heath records with guaranteed
partitioning between patient records.

StayHealthy, Inc. is now expanding into the medical monitoring market, and is in need of a new medical patient monitoring system for hospitals that monitors a patients vital signs using proprietary medical monitoring devices built by StayHealthy, Inc.

## Background
Short description of existing and to-be systems.

Monitor them:

* Existing analytics system.
  * Users: ?
  * Data Analytics Platform for hospital trend and performance analysis
  * Alert response times, patient health problem analytics , patient recovery analysis, etc...


MyMedical Data:

* Patient record management system
  * Users: Doctors, nurses and other hospital professionals
  * to record and track patient health records
  * guaranteed partitioning between patient records


MonitorMe:

* Patient Monitoring System
  * On premise solution for Hospitals.
  * 8 Inputs (vital signs) taken from proprietary medical monitoring devices built by StayHealthy, Inc.
  * The 8 vital signs are: Heart Rate, Blood Pressure, Oxygen Level, Blood Sugar, Respiration Rate, ECG, Body Temperature, Sleep Status.
  * They may get to read more vital signs using new monitoring devices in future.
  * Each vital sign measurement should be independent from each other and failure in one shouldn't affect others.
