# Requirements

- Max number of patients per hospital is 500.
- Max number of patients per nursing stations is 20.
- Different users and roles need to be created that the system will recognize and allow access based on.

## Component requirements

- MonitorMe reads data from eight different patient-monitoring equipment vital sign input sources: heart rate, blood pressure, oxygen level, blood sugar, respiration rate, electrocardiogram (ECG), body temperature, and sleep status (sleep or awake). It then sends the data to a consolidated monitoring screen (per nurses station) with an average response time of 1 second or less. The consolidated monitoring screen displays each patients vital signs, rotating between patients every 5 seconds. There is a maximum of 20 patients per nurses station.

- For each vital sign, MonitorMe must record and store the past 24 hours of all vital sign readings. A medical professional can review this history, filtering on time range as well as vital sign.

- In addition to recording raw monitoring data, the MonitorMe software must also analyze each patient’s vital signs and alert a medical professional if it detects an issue (e.g., decrease in oxygen level) or reaches a preset threshold (e.g., temperature has reached 104 degrees F).

- Some trend and threshold analysis is dependent on whether the patient is awake or asleep. For example, if the blood pressure drops, the system should notice that the patient is asleep and adjust its alerts accordingly. The same is true with the respiration rate and heart rate. For example, all of these vital signs are reduced when the patient is asleep, but if awake something might be wrong.

- Medical professionals receive alert push notifications of a potential problem based on raw data analysis to a StayHeathy mobile app on their smart phone as well as the consolidated monitoring screen in each nurses station.

- If any of vital sign device (or software) fails, MonitorMe must still function for other vital sign monitoring (monitor, record, analyze, and alert).

- Medical staff can generate holistic snapshots from a patients consolidated vital signs at any time. Medical staff can then upload the patient snapshot to MyMedicalData. The upload functionality is within the scope of the MonitorMe functionality and is done through a secure HTTP API call within MyMedicalData.

- MonitorMe will be deployed as an on-premises system. Each physical hospital location will have its own installation of the complete MonitorMe system (including the recorded raw monitoring data).
- Maximum number of patients per physical MonitorMe instance: 500
- StayHealthy. Inc. will be providing a comprehensive hardware and software for this system. The platform, data stores, databases, and other technical tools and products are unspecified at this time and will be based on your on-prem architectural solution.

Other Considerations:

- StayHealthy, Inc. is looking towards adding more vital sign monitoring devices for MonitorMe in the future.
- Vital sign data analyzed and recorded through MonitorMe must be as accurate as possible. After all, human lives are at stake.
- As this is a new line of business for StayHealthy, they expect a lot of change as they learn more about this new market.
- StayHealthy, Inc. has always taken patient confidentially seriously. MonitorMe should be no exception to this rule. While patient monitoring data must be secure, MonitorMe does not have to meet any government regulatory requirements (e.g., HIPPA)

What the monitoring device transmits for each patient:

- Heart rate: every 500ms: in every 0.5 seconds
- Blood pressure: every hour: in every 3600 seconds
- Oxygen level: every 5 seconds: 5 seconds
- Blood sugar: every 2 minutes: 120 seconds
- Respiration: every second: 1 second
- ECG: every second: 1 second
- Body temperature: every 5 minutes: 300 seconds
- Sleep status: every 2 minutes: 120 seconds

Storage requirements about 7MB per patient or 2,6GB for 500 patients for 24 hours (including unixtimestamp, device id and medical reading).

|  vital sign | rate  | records per day   | Bytes of data  | data per day  |  unit |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| Heartrate | 0,5 | 172800 | 19 | 3206,25 | KB |
| Bloodpressure | 3600 | 24 | 22 | 0,515625 | KB |
| Oxygen | 5 | 17280 | 19 | 320,625 | KB |
| Bloodsugar | 120 | 720 | 19 | 13,359375 | KB |
| Respiration | 1 | 86400 | 19 | 1603,125 | KB |
| ECG | 1 | 86400 | 19 | 1603,125 | KB |
| Body temperature | 300 | 288 | 19 | 5,34375 | KB |
| Sleep status | 120 | 720 | 17 | 11,953125 | KB |
| Total records per day| | 364632 | | 6764,29688 | KB |
| Total records for 500 patients| | 182316000 | | 3302,87933 | MB |

System keeps working even if some sensors are not attached or some sensor fails.